 How are the U.S. businesses of Philip Morris International invested in America? We're invested in advancing science, giving adults who smoke better options. We're invested in American manufacturing, helping local economies thrive. We're invested in community, supporting military veterans and their families, disaster relief, and economic empowerment. Because we're proud to be invested in America. See how at uspmye.com. Here's your afternoon TNB tech minute for Friday, February 13th. I'm Julie Chang for the Wall Street Journal. We exclusively report that former Microsoft and General Motors executive Chris LaDelle has joined inthropic's Board of Directors. LaDelle helped take General Motors public. His appointment adds a board member with experience steering a large company through a public listing as athropic eyes of potential IPO, possibly by the end of this year. The developer of the Claude Chatbot and a key rival to OpenAI announced the close of a $30 billion financing yesterday, valuing the company at $380 billion. Rivian expects to begin deliveries of its new R2 model in the second quarter before production ramps up later in the year. Executives told analysts that the company will begin production with a single shift before adding a second in the second half and a third shift next year. Rivian is betting that the model will be a compelling EV alternative around the $50,000 price point. Shares closed up over 26%. And in markets, Coinbase swung to a loss in a quarter marked by a sell-off in digital currencies. Still, the largest US cryptocurrency exchange stock, which has fallen sharply this year, rose over 16% on Friday. Shares of DraftKings fell after the company reported earnings yesterday. The online sports betting operators revenue jumped 43%, but its annual sales outlook disappointed. Shares dropped about 13.5%. Semiconductor equipment maker, applied materials, posted better than expected quarterly results, boosted by soaring demand for AI computing, the stock gained about 8%. And that's a wrap on your TMB tech minutes. A quick programming note will be off on Monday for President's Day, but back on Tuesday with more. Access to affordable credit helps me pay my employees that I don't really need it. Infliction is killing me! But who cares? Big retailers are making record profits! That's why we support the Durban Marshall credit card bill! See, things in credit unions help small businesses make payroll, and this bill would cut the vital resources they need. While increasing Megastore profits, they deserve it. Don't they? Tell Congress, stop the Durban Marshall Money Grab for corporate megastores. Paid for by the Electronic Payments Coalition.