 Sharpen your perspective on the future of technology and business in 2026. Take a look inside the new edition of ThoughtWorks Looking Glass and discover how business leaders can prepare their organizations for the future and make informed decisions that have a lasting impact. Find out more at ThoughtWorks.com slash looking glass. The Pentagon build up near Iran intensifies. Plus the US and Taiwan finalize a trade deal centered around ship investments and the bill comes due for Detroit after Washington's EVU turn. The most notable feature perhaps is the $7,500 tax credit which until the beginning of October you could get against the purchase of an EV and since that has fallen away, EV sales in the US have really fallen off the cliff. It's Friday, February 13th. I'm Luke Vargas for the Wall Street Journal and here is the AM edition of What's News. The top headlines and business stories moving your world today. The US Navy's largest aircraft carrier is on its way to the Middle East. After spending months in the Caribbean, the USS Gerald R Ford will be joining another aircraft carrier and nine warships already in the Middle East as the US steps up plans for a potential attack on Iran. Journal correspondent Jared Malson says the Trump administration has been using a carrot and stick approach with Iran since promising to protect protesters. Since then we've seen an evolution of US policy. The protests have died down after this brutal crackdown by the Iranian regime in which they have apparently killed thousands of people. Now the administration has pivoted to this very uncertain policy where they are both negotiating with Iran over their nuclear program and also saying that if they don't make a deal, they will strike Iran. The administration is also dialing up the economic pressure on Iran through imposing more sanctions. For example, on its shadow fleet of tankers that it uses to export oil. So all of those things are happening at the same time and Trump keeps saying that he wants to make a deal and if that doesn't happen, there will be strikes. So he seems to be keeping his options open. Jared says that the Trump administration has acknowledged the potential downsides of military action and ruled out possible regime change. There are tens of thousands of US troops deployed in the region who they would have to protect. They would also need the air defenses in place to protect Israel as they have in the previous round of clashes with Iran. And Secretary of State Marco Rubio in January said there was a lot of complexity to the Iranian system where they essentially couldn't go in and do what they did in Venezuela with Maduro. Washington and Taipei have today finalized a trade deal to lower the tariff on Taiwan from 32% to 15%. Core to the deal is an agreement that the world's largest advanced chipmaker, TSMC, will continue investments in the US and in turn be exempt from tariffs as the journal's Joe Yuhwang explains. Taiwan is where most of the world's advanced image on that territory is being made and the Trump administration has been trying to basically bring the seeming conductive production back to US soil, which is why TSMC is playing a key role in this tariff negotiation. Joe Yuh told us that officials also see the deal strengthening security ties. Beijing hasn't commented on the announcement, but said last month that it opposes any official exchanges between Taiwan and Washington. It's been one year now since Vice President JD Vance addressed the Munich Security Conference and standing before US allies eager for clues about the Trump administration's approach to tackling a slew of global threats, turned the tables on them. Europe faces many challenges, but the crisis this continent faces right now, the crisis I believe we all face together is one of our own making. Those words left conference chairman Christoph Hoysgen close to tears. We have to fear that our common value base is not that common anymore. Let me conclude and this becomes difficult. Vance's remarks suggesting a deepening a strangenment with Europe proof-pression and the transatlantic relationship this year looks as strained as ever as France's Emmanuel Macron recently observed. Competition from the United States of America through trade agreements that undermine our exports interests, demand maximum concession and openly aim to weaken and subordinate Europe combined with an endless accumulation of new tariffs that are fundamentally unacceptable. While Iran from Vance's remarks what's changed in the trajectory of the transatlantic relationship joining us this morning from the Munich Security Conference's Wall Street Journal Brussels bureau chief Daniel Michaels. Dan what's the mood there JD Vance notably won't be back representing the US that'll be Secretary of State Marco Rubio instead what are people expecting? I guess the expectation and hope is that this year the event will draw less attention than last year and that the mood will be a little calmer and less tense. Secretary of State Rubio has been a bit more shall we say diplomatic doesn't show the level of antipathy towards Europe that Vance and some other senior members of the US administration have. He's much more measured in his words and it's cliched to say but we are in the new normal and the new normal is I think especially in Europe is sort of constant brace position for whatever the next thing coming from Washington is. So any day or week that goes without some new conflict or point of tension arising from the European perspective is a week of bot time to try and adapt to the current reality. Now the open question and continued pressure from Washington is is Europe adapting enough and fast enough and that is a big question here this week. I mean how will we tell whether that's the case what will be the big tests? So one of those tests Europe seems to have passed yesterday. And Brussels at a meeting of NATO defense ministers US secretary defense Pete Higgs had did not attend one of his deputies. Elbridge Colby did and Colby gave us sort of tough love message but it was by the standards of what this administration has said about Europe not bad for Europe. It's kind of like okay good job so far keep it up and do more and if that's the message coming out of Munich over this weekend. I think European leaders will somewhat breathe a sigh of relief. And yet the intention still remain I'm curious what fault lines you'll be keeping an eye on in the next few days that could maybe crop up their immune. One thing you hear a lot from European leaders is that most of them are not happy with how President Trump approaches Europe and the things he says but beneath it all there is a grain of truth. Everyone has said Europe needs to do more about its own security. There were issues in the trade and economic relationship between Europe and the US. Americans would beg to differ with Trump's take on that even if there were imbalances. There are a lot of people here in Europe who look around and see everything electronic they deal with. And if something manufactured in China it's a US company like Google or Facebook or Amazon. So each side has issues with the other and increasingly wants to to some degree break free of the other. One of the words that rises up above conversations here is sovereignty. Social sovereignty data sovereign to your huge issues. Europe doesn't want to be beholden to US tech giants though Europe has struggled to assert itself in that field. And at the same time the administration is pushing back at European efforts to limit expansion of US tech giants. So the digital arena probably is going to be an increasing area of tension even as some other issues like defense spending seem to be sorted out. I've been speaking to Wall Street Journal Brussels bureau chief Daniel Michaels with us this morning from Munich, Germany. Dan thank you so much for the update. Always good to talk with you. Thanks. Coming up the crypto slide drags Coinbase to a big quarterly loss and will tally up the growing bill has Detroit unwinds years of EV investments. Those stories and more. After the break. Access to affordable credit helps me pay my employees that I don't really need it. Infliction is killing me. Who cares big retailers and making record profits. That's why we support the Durban Marshall credit card bill. See, banks and credit unions help small businesses make payroll. This bill would cut the vital resources they need. While increasing Megastore profits. They deserve it. Don't they? Tell Congress stop the Durban Marshall money grab for corporate megastores paid for by the electronic payments coalition. In the latest fallout from the Epstein files, Goldman Sachs top lawyer Catherine Rumler is set to step down later this year. Recently released files revealed Rumler remained a close ally of the convicted sex offender up until his 2019 arrest. With him calling her on the night of his arrest naming her a backup executor in a version of his will. Rumler maintains their relationship was strictly professional and says she had no knowledge of any new or ongoing unlawful activity on Epstein's part. It's been a tough earning season for Detroit car makers. After years of big EV investments, GM, Ford and Stellantis have collectively announced more than $50 billion in write downs amid signs that US EV demand could remain muted after a massive 30% drop in Q4 sales. Ford's reporter Stephen Wilmak told me that car makers around the world are contending with the fast evolving EV market, but that American companies have been especially hard hit. Ford was the latest report a huge loss because of EV write downs this week. It announced back in December at $19.5 billion charge on his EV business, sort of numbers, reminiscent of most of the financial crisis. Stellantis hasn't actually reported four more results yet, but last week said it would report $26 billion way higher than expectations. GM slightly lower charges because it's plowing on with its large EV truck platform, but still in the high single digit billions of dollars. And the reason for this really is the U-turn in US policy. Biden had promoted EVs pretty heavily and since his election Trump has gone much further than I think most people were expecting in reversing that policy. The most notable feature perhaps is the $7,500 tax credit, which until the beginning of October you could get against a purchase of an EV and since that has fallen away, EV sales in the US have really fallen off a cliff. All right Stephen some major headwinds for Detroit there, but things aren't exactly rosy for foreign car makers either right? Yeah that's right. We haven't seen the same level of write downs from the overseas automakers. We've seen some particularly from the Japanese which have a big stake in the US market too, but I was in Germany yesterday for Mercedes results. They're not doing well at all, but it's not EV write downs. It's rather the intense competition in China where European automakers used to be much bigger than the Americans and have been losing share very rapidly to the Chinese EV makers. So ironically it's the rise of EVs, particularly in China that's the problem for the European automakers, not the abrupt U-turn in EV demand in the US. That was Otto's reporter Stephen Wilma. In a crypto exchange coinbase has posted a fourth quarter loss with revenue falling more than 20 percent as the recent downturn in crypto prices starts to hit the biggest institutional investors. Bitcoin has been on a months long slide since touching record highs in October with a broader market for digital assets having lost nearly $2 trillion in market value with many fearing the start of the next crypto winter. Robinhood markets, the brokerage app popular with crypto investors has tumbled more than 50 percent since Bitcoin's high. And that's it for what's news for this Friday morning. Today's show was produced by Hadi Moyer and Daniel Bach. Our supervising producer was Sandra Kylhoff and I'm Luke Vargas from the Wall Street Journal. We will be back tonight with a new show. Otherwise have a great weekend. Thanks for listening. Watching for a home, the real commute tool from Realtor.com lets you find homes right where you need to be. Find a home 10 minutes from work, 15 from school and 20 from grandmas. With over half a million new listings every month you're just minutes from finding your perfect home on Realtor.com. Trust the number one site Realtor.com Real Estate Professionals Trust. Search now on Realtor.com. Based on average new for sale and rental listings July 2024 through June 2025. The number one trusted based on August 2025 proprietary survey among real estate professionals.