 Access to affordable credit helps me pay my employees, but I don't really need it. Infliction is killing me! Who cares? Big retailers and making record profits! That's why we support the Durban Marshall Credit Card Bill! See, things in credit unions help small businesses make payroll. This bill would cut the vital resources they need. While increasing Megastore profits, they deserve it. Don't they? How Congress stopped the Durban Marshall Money Grab for corporate megastores? Paid for it by the Electronic Payments Coalition. Welcome to Tech News Briefing. It's Friday, February 13th. I'm Isabel Bussquat for the Wall Street Journal. While secondhand electronics have long been popular in Europe, the trend is now catching on in the US. We dive into how President Trump's tariffs are convincing some to go for refurbished devices when updating their tech. Then, a new matchmaking algorithm is taking college campuses by storm. We look at how it works and why it's so addictive. But first, sales of secondhand technology are surging in the United States, as consumers worry about the price of the latest electronic devices going up. And now, online marketplaces for used electronics are booming. One startup, Backmarket, which connects third-party refurbishers with customers, saw net sales grow 27% year over year in 2025. WSJ's Bell Linn sat down with our Consumer Goods reporter, on May Look, to learn more about what refurbished tech is trending in the US and where it might go from here. To start, why is the second-hand tech market booming? Basically, in 2014, this company called Backmarket started in Europe. They had a lot of success in Europe at first, but were struggling in the US. Now, because of Trump's tariffs, it's made it a lot more expensive for companies to have their supply chains abroad. It's really given a boost to second-hand goods and buying and selling things that are already in the US, rather than looking at things that could be produced abroad and therefore for a higher price. And in contrast, why have European consumers been more willing to buy refurbished electronics or second-hand tech? Yeah, so for years, it's been easier for European consumers to buy second-hand tech and especially phones, because their telecom contracts are typically much shorter and they're more heavily regulated than in the US, where telcos can have longer-term contracts and incentivize people to trade in their phones rather than buying second-hand. But then there's the other aspect, which is just interest and sustainability in general. People in Europe have more easily gravitated towards sustainable goods. Tell us a little bit more about the companies behind buying refurbished tech. One you mentioned is backmarket. Tell us a little bit more about how it works and what it is and who's been using it. So backmarket basically connects third-party refurbishers with customers and that means that they work with their refurbishers, they vet them and they basically connect them with consumers to sell their products and they've really taken off their kind of the first refurbished tech company and they're also the biggest. There are other giants like eBay and Amazon that have also tapped into this market a bit, but backmarket is the only one that does it exclusively at such a large scale and has such high standards in terms of how they vet refurbishers and also how they connect people in terms of their shipping networks across different countries. And why is it not so clear-cut that putting tariffs on electronics will just automatically benefit the second-hand tech market when it comes to tariffs? There are also knock-on effects on parts of the supply chain that are required for refurbished goods, such as batteries or different types of tech that will be needed to repair those phones. Raw materials might have tariffs on them as well, so that could add a knock-on effect and also raise the price of second-hand tech. How are, let's call it, first-hand market companies reacting to this. Is it impacting their profits? Right now in the US, it hasn't been impacting their profits as much. In Europe, there is a much bigger effect because people are adopting second-hand goods. A lot better, but there hasn't really been a concrete effect. There haven't really been any big tech companies to come out and say that this is posing a real challenge. That was Bell Lens speaking with WSJ Consumer Goats reporter Amé look. Have you considered buying more second-hand tech? If you're a listener on Spotify, let us know in the comments. Coming up, how a new artificial intelligence platform is changing the data game for singles at Stanford. That's after the break. How are the US businesses of Philip Morris International invested in America? We're invested in advancing science, giving adults who smoke better options. We're invested in American manufacturing, helping local economies thrive. We're invested in community, supporting military veterans and their families, disaster relief and economic empowerment. Because we're proud to be invested in America. See how at uspmie.com. Dating apps on college campuses are nothing new, but a platform that uses artificial intelligence to match singles based on values, lifestyles and political views. That's something that's taken Stanford's campus by storm. More than 5,000 Stanford students have used date drop, this new matchmaking platform. And it's raised $2.1 million in venture capital funding. But have any of its users actually found love yet? WSJ News Associate, Jasmine Lee, joins us for a look at the latest algorithm-fuel dating craze. So, Jasmine, how does this new dating platform work? Date drop is essentially a matchmaking platform for college students. What these students do is they fill in a survey of 66 questions that are meant to get a picture of who they are. So, these are questions like, do you want to have kids? Do you have expensive taste? Are you a morning person? These responses are in fentanyl to an algorithm that matches these students with people on campus that they'll be compatible with. And then it's just up to the students to set up a date and take it to the next level. And so, why is this such an addictive experience for them? Why are they so obsessed with this? So, what I hear from college students about dating culture on campus is that you're not really going up to people and asking them out. Any more, some students are on mainstream dating apps, but there is a sort of desire for something else, a different way to meet people. And when students use a platform like date drop, the hope is that if they put in the work and answer all these questions, the algorithm is going to know them well enough to pair them with somebody that's high quality. That's going to be a good match. And a lot of these students just think there's some things sort of appealing about surrendering themselves to the algorithm. It's also just a fun group activity. These students are crowding around in their dorm rooms. You're seeing who they're matching with, who their friends are matching with. It's just a fun social thing for some of these students. So, how did this new dating platform come to be? How was it created? Date drop was created back in September by a grad student at Stanford. His name's Henry Wang and date drop evolved from a project he did last year called Senior Scramble, which is something similar. The idea is to help graduating seniors make a last-ditch effort to find, you know, the love of their lives on campus. Date drop, Henry said he coded it in about three weeks, marketed it, sent it around to students. It's taken off at Stanford. Over 5,000 students have used it and date drop is now being used at 11 schools. You also reported that this isn't the first sort of trendy data-driven dating experience that's a hit a college campus. What kinds of apps have we seen here in the past? The biggest name would probably be the Marriage Pack. It started at Stanford back in 2017 and over the past nine years or so, it's been used by more than 700 people at over 100 schools. There's a bit of situation with the date drop team. Marriage Pack sent them a season to CIS letter back in November. They said there were similarities and they're questionnaire and they're marketing. But the date drop team says they stand by their product. And a lot of different schools have their own matchmaking traditions. Harvard has something called data match that's been around since the 90s. Cornell has something called perfect match and Dartmouth also has a project called last chances. So our students at Stanford actually finding relationships out of this because I thought it was really funny. One of the students you interviewed said he didn't actually find a relationship, but he did make some good LinkedIn connections. It definitely remains to be seen how successful this experiment is, but people are definitely going on dates. I heard from students who said, you know, I didn't find love just yet, but I made some new friends. I spoke with a physics major who said he doesn't really hang out with art majors or psych majors, but he met a few through date drop and he was happy he got to connect with people from seemingly a totally different part of campus. So I think a lot of students are using this as an opportunity to just maximize the limited time that they have on campus. And the thinking is, you know, maybe you'll meet the love of your life. If not, you'll make a new friend or if you get lucky, maybe you'll meet your future co-founder or future chairman of your board. That was WSJ News Associate, Jasmine Lee. And that's it for Tech News Briefing. Today's show was produced by Julie Chang. I'm your host, Isabelle Bousska. Additional support this week from Melanie Roy, Jessica Fenton and Michael Laval wrote our theme music. Our supervising producer is Katie Ferguson. Our development producer is Aisha Almousleem. Chris Sinsley is the deputy editor. And Fulana Patterson is the Wall Street Journal's head of news audio. We'll be back later this morning with TNB Tech Minute. Thanks for listening. Enterprises are already creating efficiencies with agente.ai, particularly in areas like finance, HR and IT, says Jason Garzadas, CEO of Deloitte U.S. Those will continue to proliferate and strengthen. And it'll change the work that gets done and work will increasingly be delivered through agente capabilities. Garzadas believes the most transformative impacts of agente systems are still to come. It will fuel innovation, it will fuel the pivot into market creation, market diversification strategies that will open up new markets to clients and to organizations who are looking for growth and looking for differentiated access to new markets. I think it's the most exciting thing. Visit Deloitte.com to learn how your enterprise can help successfully leverage agente.ai. The views and opinions expressed by podcast speakers and guests are solely their own and do not reflect the opinions of Deloitte or its personnel nor does Deloitte advocate or endorse any individuals or entities featured on the episodes. Custom content from WSJ is a unit of the Wall Street Journal advertising department. The Wall Street Journal news organization was not involved in the creation of this content.