 Sharpen your perspective on the future of technology and business in 2026. Take a look inside the new edition of ThoughtWorks Looking Glass and discover how business leaders can prepare their organizations for the future and make informed decisions that have a lasting impact. Find out more at ThoughtWorks.com slash looking glass. Hey listeners, it's Saturday, February 14th. I'm Hannah Aron-Lang for the Wall Street Journal and this is What's News and Markets. Our look at the biggest stock moves of the week and the news that drove them. So let's get into it. We got a pair of economic reports this past week on the jobs market and inflation, more on that later in the show. But first, concerns about the future for artificial intelligence, rippled through markets this week, but not necessarily in the way you'd expect. You've seen these periodic waves of AI jitters way on stocks for some time now. Typically the focus has been on the big tech companies leading the AI investing boom, Amazon or Alphabet for example. And whether those quote-unquote hyperscalers are spending too much money trying to get ahead in the AI arms race. This week, however, there was a new anxiety dragging down stock prices. The fear that AI will disrupt key industries across the economy and eventually make some companies obsolete. Those concerns have affected a really wide range of stocks. Last week, it was software companies that got hit. This past Tuesday, it was wealth management and brokerage shares like Charles Schwab and Raymond James, which tumbled after news of a new AI tool for tax advice. For the week, the tech-heavy NASDAQ composite dropped 2.1%, while the Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.2%. The broad-based S&P 500 ended the week 1.4% lower. One of the strangest examples of this new wave of AI fears was Thursday's slide in transportation stocks. The apparent trigger was a news release from a Florida firm called Algorithm Holdings that said it could use AI to improve efficiency in the trucking business. James' main business was once selling karaoke machines, as my colleague Ryan DeZember reported this week. Still, in the wake of that release, investors dumped stocks across the transportation sector, shares of the logistics company, expeditors, international of Washington, but 13%, suffering their worst day since 1998, which, for some context, is the year that I was born. This has been rotating out of tech, crypto, and other speculative plays for some time now. Instead, they're betting on a broader array of companies that could benefit if economic growth continues. Data releases past week indicated that the economy is still in a relatively good spot. Reports from the labor department showed the US economy added more jobs than expected, and that inflation is cooling. This rotation is benefiting companies like Walmart, which is set to report earnings this upcoming week. Many recently hit a market cap of $1 trillion for the first time, and the stock climbed more than 2% over the last week. Investors are moving money into companies whose business models have a low chance of being disrupted by AI. And if that trade continues, stocks like Walmart could continue to benefit. So far this year, the stock is up more than 20%. And in the world of digital assets, the crypto winter has dragged on. That's impacting companies that even recently were some of the stars of the stock market. Shares of Robinhood markets ended the week down 8.3%. It's a pretty steep fall from grace for Robinhood. Last year, the company was one of the top performing members of the entire S&P 500 index. But the declining cryptocurrency prices has hit them hard. On its earnings call this past week, Robinhood executives said crypto transaction revenue was down 38% from a year ago. Shares of the online brokerage sink nearly 9% the following day, and are down more than 30% this year. And now you know what's news and markets this week. Today's show was produced by Alexis Moore with supervising producer Melanie Roy. I'm Hannah Erin Lang. Have a great weekend, and we'll see you next Saturday. Interprises are already creating efficiencies with Agenda AI, particularly in areas like Finance, HR, and IT, says Jason Garzadas, CEO of Deloitte U.S. Those will continue to proliferate and strengthen and it'll change the work that gets done and work will increasingly be delivered through agenteic capabilities. Garzadas believes the most transformative impacts of agenteic systems are still to come. It will fuel innovation, it will fuel the pivot into market creation, market diversification, strategies that will open up new markets to clients and to organizations who are looking for growth and looking for differentiated access to new markets, which I think is the most exciting thing. Visit Deloitte.com to learn how your enterprise can help successfully leverage agenteic AI. The views and opinions expressed by podcast speakers and guests are solely their own and do not reflect the opinions of Deloitte or its personnel nor does Deloitte advocate or endorse any individuals or entities featured on the episodes. Custom content from WSJ is a unit of the Wall Street Journal advertising department. Wall Street Journal News Organization was not involved in the creation of this content.