 And happy Valentine's Day, Scott. Happy Valentine's Day to you, Eisha. I was a very busy man getting everything ready for two daughters and my wife. I did it on Wednesday, so all the kids, so I got everybody flowers, so, and told them they were loved. Because I want them to know they don't have to wait on some romantic love, right? Like that they can be celebrated. God bless you. Oh. Secretary of State Marco Rubio spoke at the Munich Security Conference today and outlined the US Europe relationship. We'll tell you how that speech was received. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is up first from NPR News. On his way to Munich, Secretary Rubio said the old world order is no more. The world is changing very fast right in front of us. The old world is gone, frankly, the world I grew up in. And we live in a new era in geopolitics, and it's going to require all of us to sort of re-examine what that looks like and what our role is going to be. But what does that mean for transatlantic unity? And the FDA has rejected a new flu shot. We'll look at how that could change clinical trials. Plus the quad God has fallen. We'll have more on Ilja Malinens heartbreak. So please stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your weekend. This message comes from the Pulitzer finalist NHPR team. Their new four-part series Safe to Drink investigates one of the largest water contamination events in New Hampshire's history. And the people who fought for answers follow Safe to Drink wherever you're listening. This is our glass. On this American life, we look for stories that are surprising. And you won't hear anywhere else. Like for example, this one astronaut who went to the moon, you know what he's down into? Space. Was it cool to float around weightless? No, no, no. This American life, I'm unexpected stories. Where do you get your podcasts? How could your favorite NPR podcast get any better? Well, what if it had bonus features such as extended interviews and zero sponsor breaks? There is a remarkably easy way to turn that fantasy into reality. It's called NPR Plus. You get perks across more than 25 NPR podcasts while supporting the teams that make them. Make great podcasts even greater by visiting plus dot NPR dot org. Secretary of State Marco Rubio told European allies at the Munich Security Conference today that it's time for a period of renewal as the old world order is ending. His speech at times highlighted unity. And it was different in tone from Vice President J.D. Vance's speech at the conference last year, which focused on free speech and migration. And bears Michelle Kellerman was in Munich for the speech. Michelle, thanks for being with us. Nice to be here Scott. What was Secretary Rubio's main message today? Well, he said that the US and Europe made a lot of mistakes in recent years focusing on what he called the climate cult and also allowing supply chains to become too dependent on rivals like China. He also spent a lot of time talking about Christian values and fears of civilizational erasure because of mass migration. Those were, you know, a big focus of Vance's speech last year. But Rubio couched it a bit differently. Take a listen. So in a time of headlines, heralding the end of the transatlantic era, let it be known and clear to all that this is neither our goal nor our wish. Because for us Americans, our home may be under Western hemisphere, but we will always be a child of Europe. I'm here to pause there, Michelle. How did the speech go over? Yeah, I mean, the host of the conference Wolfgang Ishinger said there was a sigh of relief in the room. And he said he saw the speech as a message of reassurance. But you know, I heard California governor Gavin Newsom telling a group of reporters yesterday that Vice President Vance set the bar so low with last year's speech. And Germany's chancellor Friedrich Merz, who met Rubio yesterday, also talked about the world order that as we know it is in the past. But he told the US that the US isn't strong enough to go it alone. French President Emmanuel Macron, who's also here, told the gathering that Europe needs to become a geopolitical leader and needs to really stand up to Russia's aggression in Ukraine. You mentioned governor Newsom. There are other Democrats there as well, aren't there? Yeah, New York Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez made her debut here. And she's blaming the Trump administration of ripping up democratic norms and turning the world into what she calls an age of authoritarian who are carving up the world. Where Donald Trump can command the Western hemisphere and Latin America as his personal sandbox, where Putin can sabre-rattle around Europe and for essentially authoritarians to have their own geographic domains. And she says she was here with other Democrats offering a different way forward. Russia's foreign Ukraine is obviously a big concern for Europe. What did Secretary Rubio say about that? Yeah, I mean, Europeans are really alarmed by Russia's continued strikes on Ukraine's energy grid during this cold spell. They say Russia is trying to play for time, trying to win territory and talks with Trump's envoys that it hasn't been able to capture on the battlefield. Rubio would only say that he's not really sure if the Russians are serious about ending the war and whether there are any terms that can be negotiated that are acceptable to Ukraine. But he said the US is going to continue to try and that's been the goal. And here's Michelle Kellerman from Munich. Thanks so much. Thank you. The Food and Drug Administration this week dealt a surprising set back to Moderna, one of the main biotech companies that created an mRNA vaccine against COVID-19. The agency rejected Bedurner's new flu shot, which was aimed at adults aged 50 and older. We're joined now by NPR Sydney Lepkin, who has been following this story. Good morning, Sydney. Hi. Can you walk us through what happened with the Moderna shot? Yeah, so this was a first of its kind flu shot that uses the mRNA technology just like the COVID shots from Moderna and Pfizer biotech. Dr. Helen Chu, a professor of medicine and epidemiology at the University of Washington says the mRNA technology is the reason those companies were able to respond to the COVID pandemic so quickly. And that's important because you need to scale up vaccine manufacturing it quite a clip to be able to make the number of doses that you need to be able to respond to a pandemic. So Moderna wants to use that technology again to tackle the flu. The traditional flu shot takes around six months to manufacture because it has to be grown in chicken eggs. So companies have to start making it really early and by the time it's ready, the flu could have mutated. mRNA could make that process faster and more flexible. But on Tuesday, the FDA said it would not review Moderna's application effectively rejecting it. It said the agency isn't satisfied with a Moderna study comparing its experimental mRNA flu vaccine to a standard dose flu vaccine already on the market. A high potency vaccine is recommended for people 65 and older and that's what a statement from the Department of Health and Human Services said the FDA was looking for in that age group. HHS said the FDA had communicated that preference before. So how unusual is this for the FDA to decide not to even review a new vaccine? So Chu told me it's unusual to hear from the FDA that a study isn't acceptable so late in the process because companies are talking with the agency before a study even begins to make sure it's okay. But she also told me she was surprised Moderna filed the application. That's because the Trump administration had already been signaling that it wasn't friendly toward mRNA vaccines. Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. announced in August that he was cutting a half billion dollars in funding for mRNA vaccine research. He also fired 17 members of an influential vaccine advisory committee that included Chu. And then the new handpicked committee recommended making the COVID shots less routine. I should add that the government also reduced the number of vaccines recommended for children beyond just COVID. What does Moderna say about what happened? It says the rejection doesn't line up with what the FDA was saying before and that the agency okayed this trial design 18 months ago. And by the way, Moderna says it cost a lot of money to do this research more than a billion dollars all told. Companies making that kind of investment are looking for regulatory consistency. Dr. Lindsey McNair is a consultant at Equipoys and advises companies on clinical trials. She says this isn't the first time in recent months the FDA has done this and the biotech community is concerned. Companies simply cannot afford to conduct clinical trials and then when they try to submit them to the regulator have the regulators say well changed our mind we're not going to accept your clinical trial. So what does this mean for the big picture in terms of flu vaccines but but also companies developing other kinds of vaccines? Yeah so I'm told that when it comes to mRNA vaccines that work is moving forward but in other countries so it's really the United States that could be at a disadvantage here. There's a lot of risk involved in developing a new vaccine. Risk the company will do the study and it won't work or there won't be a market for it and risk that the regulatory agency won't approve it. Those first two are kind of built into the calculus of being a pharmaceutical company but regulatory risk isn't as much. Historically in the US the FDA has been pretty consistent. The FDA saying no to a study designed it had previously agreed to is risk that's harder to navigate and it could lead companies to think twice. That was in PR pharmaceuticals correspondent Sydney Lupkin thank you Sydney you bet. Well Asia looks like even gods can fall. That's right Scott and anyone watching US Olympic figure skater Ilia Malinin compete in the men's gold event yesterday saw that happen in real time more than once. He was widely expected to win gold in the event turned out it didn't even metal. So what went wrong in Pierce Rachel Treesman was watching from the Milano ice skating arena. Rachel thanks for being with us. Thanks for having me. He is a global phenomenon just 21 hadn't lost a major competition since 2023. What was the mood like when he took the ice? I'll try to paint a picture. So Malinin was the very last skater of the entire night and there was just the sense in the room that he would be the grand finale. He got the loudest applause of anyone just by skating out to do his warm-ups. All eyes were on him. The stands were super packed. There were Olympic grates in the room like Nathan Chen and Simone Biles and the question people around me were asking wasn't weather Malinin would win but how would he do it? How many quad jumps would he do and of course would he attempt and land the quad axle which would be the first on Olympic ice? When did it all start going wrong? Pretty much immediately. Malinin's second planned jump out of seven was the quad axle but he downgraded it mid-air to just a single axle and it got harder to watch from there. He bailed on a couple other jumps and fully fell twice. One of the jumps he did manage to land was a backflip but of course that doesn't get you any points just a lot of love from the crowd. And what was the reaction of the crowd? Well the crowd started off so energized for his performance and once he got started it just totally felt like the wind had been knocked out of everyone. Some people around me had their phones out to film what was supposed to be this historic jump and then pretty quickly put their phones away. I feel like it took a moment for people to realize what they were seeing and then when they did the crowd suddenly got loud again as if people in the stands were trying to boost Malinin up with their own energy, their own nervous energy in particular but it didn't work and at the end of the four minutes Malinin just looked anguished as he walked off the ice. And what did this extraordinary young man say about what went wrong? Well a lot of us asked him so athletes typically talked to the press right after they escaped and just a few minutes later I was standing in this crush of journalists all eager to hear from him and Malinin clearly hadn't had a second to process what had just happened. He was clearly still trying to understand but he did blame the pressure he'd been under as the heavy favorite and he said a lot of negative thoughts came flooding in as soon as he hit his starting pose. We should ask who won. So two Japanese skaters ended up on the podium. Yamakagiyama repeated his silver from 2022 and Shonsato won bronze but the real shocker was the first place finisher Mikhail Shidorov of Kazakhstan. He wasn't expected to medal at all though he was clearly a fan favorite. He landed a really clean skate with five quad jumps that put him in first place. There were still a handful of top ranked skaters to follow him including Malinin so I don't think Shidorov was expecting to stay on the top of the scoreboard but all of the skaters after him fell. So we could see him watching in real time as he processed that he had won bronze, then silver and then somehow gold. And after Malinin got his score he walked over to hug Shidorov who was just standing there in total shock with his hands on his face. Metal for women's figure skating and pairs figure skating are still ahead more competitions this week but this was Illumina and his last chance at a medal this year wasn't it? That's right and it's important to note he will still leave these Olympics with a gold medal from last week's team event which I mean ironically his free skate helped the US win but yeah yesterday was his last chance at an individual medal. We may see him skate again at an exhibition event next weekend but we'll have to see him in a future Olympic cycle if he wants to earn his individual medal. And here's Rachel Treesman in Milan. Rachel thanks so much for being with us. Of course thank you. And Rachel is writing a daily newsletter about what it's like to be at the Games in person. It's called Rachel Goes to the Games you can subscribe to it at npr.org slash winter games and you can check out up first winter games a new video podcast from the team that brings you up first. Find it every afternoon at youtube.com slash npr. And that's up first for Saturday, February 14, 2026. I'm Scott Simon and I'm Aisha Roscoe. The Lennituric produced today's podcast with help from Dave Mystic and Jordan Marie Smith. Our editor is D Parvaz. She had help from Nick Spicer, Miguel Macias, Eric Whitney, Martin Patients, Jacob Finston and Diana Douglas. Michael Ratcliffe is our director. Our technical directors David Greenberg with engineering support from Simon Lazlow-Janson and Zovean Ganoven. Our senior supervising editor is Shannon Rhodes. Evie Stone is our executive producer and Jim Cain is our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow on the Sunday story in 2024 a woman took the stand in an unprecedented mass rape trial in France. Among the over 50 perpetrators was her husband. Now Jacelle Pellico has written a memoir of survival titled The Him to Life. Shame has to change sides. Our colleague Michelle Martin interviewed Jacelle Pellico about the shocking case her decision to hold an open trial and so much more. And of course we have all the latest news, music, movie sports and so much more. You can just tune into NPR and find your local station at stations.npr.org. Thank you for listening. Want to hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to up first sponsor free through Amazon Music. Or you can also support NPR's vital journalism and get up at plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org. On Planet Money we have covered a lot of topics. Like just try searching something on the internet and adding planet money to the end of it. Terrific prices, planet money, that's an episode. Stop sign war, planet money, that too. Alaska, Halibut, Derby, planet money. If you can ask it, we have probably answered it. Planet Money, listen on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Bad Bunny gave one of the greatest Super Bowl halftime performances of all time. We'll tell you why and what this performance means at this particular political moment. Listen to a recap on pop culture happy hour via the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts.