 How are the U.S. businesses of Philip Morris International invested in America? We're invested in advancing science, giving adults who smoke better options. We're invested in American manufacturing, helping local economies thrive. We're invested in community, supporting military veterans and their families, disaster relief, and economic empowerment. Because we're proud to be invested in America. See how at uspmye.com. Here's your morning TNB Tech Minute for Friday, February 13th. I'm Julie Chang for the Wall Street Journal. We are exclusively reporting and theropic asterica deal to help redesign the computer coding curricula taught in hundreds of community and state colleges. The company behind Clawed is working with CodePath, a nonprofit that provides computer science programs and career support for students at more than a thousand institutions across the U.S. As part of the collaboration, CodePath is integrating Clawed products into its AI courses. Other tech companies, including Google, OpenAI, and Microsoft, have also formed partnerships with colleges. Shares of Pinterest tumbled after the social media company projected slower revenue growth, following a pullback from advertisers that weighed on earnings. Shares slid nearly one quarter in pre-market trading to about $14. If the stock holds losses through regular trading, it will close at its lowest level in more than five years. Last quarter, Pinterest's profits slid and revenue missed forecasts. The company expects growth to slow further this quarter. Its CEO said larger retailers were pulling back on advertising spending due to President Trump's import duties. And Shares of Ubisoft climbed after the Assassin's Creedmaker said it would have enough cash to service upcoming debt maturities. Shares gained more than 6% on Friday, clawing back some of this year's losses. But the stock is still down nearly 30% since January. The French video game maker said Thursday that it expected cash between $1.48 and $1.6 billion at the end of March when Ubisoft's financial year closes. The cash forecast comes weeks after the group outlines structural changes, the discontinuation and postponement of several games, and studio closures. And that's your TMB tech minute. We'll be back this afternoon with more. resources they need. Tell Congress, stop the Durban Marshall Money Grab for corporate megastores. Paid for by the Electronic Payments Coalition.