 And when there is no vision, the people perish. We choose to go to the moon. If today were the last day of my life, what I want to do, what I am about to do today. Change will not come if we wait for some other person. Or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. Welcome to the Strategy Skills Podcast, where Strategy Partners teach you the tools and techniques to solve mankind's greatest problems. Welcome to the Strategy Skills Podcast. I'm your host, Chris Afarova. And our podcast sponsor today is strategy3n.com and we have some gifts for you. You can access Episode 1 of how to build a consulting practice at firmsconsulting.com forward slash build. You can also download the overall approach used and well managed strategy studies at firmsulting.com forward slash overall approach. And you can get McKinsey and BCG Vinin Resume, which is an actual resume that led to offers from both of those firms. And you can get it at firmsconsulting.com forward slash resume EDF. And it is a great template to use at any level of seniority. So if you are currently updating your resume, because you are worried about AI-LA-offs, which is unfortunately the reality right now for many people, or you are thinking about another, all of another organization, or even within your current organization, updating your resume is always a good idea before you need it. And today we have with us two very special guests back for on to Elizabeth McBride and Seth Levine. Elizabeth is a journalist, author, consultant in finance, woman's rights and technology. And Seth is a partner at Foundry, a venture capital firm based in Boulder, Colorado, which he co-founded in 2006. Seth, Elizabeth, welcome. Thank you. Thanks so much for having us. Again. Yeah. Great. Yeah, it's great to be back. And you guys are on a very, very busy schedule now promoting the book. Maybe we can start briefly from the event that I carried yesterday and some key things you know from it that could be relevant to our listeners. Oh, yeah, that's a pleasure. So we had one of, so we've been doing a whole round of podcast interviews and other work with the media to get the word out about capital evolution, which is the name of our book. And yesterday we were very lucky to have a launch event at the World Bank. I'm a consultant there and the World Bank Library had held a launch event, which was also broadcast in a webinar format as well. And I was so excited before we jumped on this, this podcast that there were two really interesting things that happened. One was that after the end of the session, a young woman who had been our IT consultant came up and was sort of taking us on about this question of capitalism versus socialism. And she was saying how much she believes socialism is the right answer for the United States. So it was really interesting to engage with her on that and also to get into some of the definitions of socialism and capitalism. And you know, it was also very interesting that she was a young woman. And so young is in like late 20s. And we were talking about the fact that so much of this drive towards socialism in the United States seems to be coming from young people who are disillusioned with capitalism because they're having a hard time. And our book is really arguing that you shouldn't throw basically don't throw the baby out with the bath water. We're saying capitalism is a flawed system. We need to always be working on making it better. But in fact, it's still the best system that we know. So that's one thing. I don't know if Seth, if you want to jump in, we're having kind of what we're only going to ask. I jokingly asked Elizabeth whether her parents paid her rent. And she said yes, I guess it came up in the conversation. I was at this event, but I was virtual, not not there in person. And you know, listen, I think, I mean, part of why I think it's relevant because we were talking about this before we started recording and Chris said, well, our audience, you know, they are, they believe in capitalism and Elizabeth then responded, which I think is exactly right, which is partially why we wrote this book. And it's really important that they, we all understand that there are actually a lot of people out there, nearly half of people under 40 now, don't think that capitalism works and they would rather try something else. I think that's why, Maudani, you know, was elected. I mean, the Democratic Socialists of America, almost impossible for people of, you know, my or our age to even imagine this like 20 years ago. You know, DSA members have been elected in like huge cities in the US, right, not just now in New York, but also prior to that San Francisco Seattle Minneapolis, interestingly enough, a couple of those cities have kind of like swung back in the other direction because low and you hold it turns out socialist doesn't work and it is literally, and I mean literally like never in a single instance actually worked. And we were sort of talking about that and I mean, Chris lived it growing up in a different way than sort of we experienced it by studying it and reading about it me, Elizabeth me. But anyway, I just would add that in there because I think that I think that people, it's easy when you're sort of in the business community to think that these are silly fringe ideas. And they are those, but they're also, you know, being considered by quite a few people and again, this is a woman that, you know, woman who worked at the World Bank, by all accounts really believed it like I think it wasn't that she was sitting in sincere. I think she was being quite sincere and and unfortunately, I think in our minds, maybe misguided. Joking with both Chris and Elizabeth, I have three kids sort of all in that age, age group of sort of very young adults now. And one of my, I gave of course copy the book, we had a few copies sent to us before they were released. I gave it to each of the kids. And one of my daughter said, you know, well, I don't know that I believe in capitalism and I, I thought, well, that's, that's interesting coming from our background. And I was, I tried to reminder that like my grandfather didn't graduate from high school. And here we are, you know, leading this incredibly privileged life for a whole bunch of different reasons. And, and anyway, encourage her to read the book. Yeah. I think it would be really interesting to hear your thoughts about that, Chris, but you're in charge of the podcast. So you'll guide us where you want us to go. But I also think some of it is a question of the language we use, right? I think, and in fact, as I talked to that young woman, we got deeper into it. And, and we found more room for agreement than disagreement, right? You're saying, but utilities really that that should be managed in a socialist way. And she was saying we need universal healthcare, which is something that I have long argued for as well. So it's not these, these lines aren't as hard edged as we, as we like to think. I think it's just, I think that area of government control of the economy is, is incredibly dangerous. Right? And so that's, that's where you end up really screwing things up a few embrace that. Elizabeth, tell the second half of that story, though, that we were telling me because are telling us because I say it's so interesting and powerful. Yeah. Okay. Well, and then let's, yeah. So, so the other thing that happened at this world bank event is that we started the conversation and one of the team members at the World Bank, who had just joined the bank from Nigeria, obviously people from all over the world work at the bank. He was listening from his home about an hour away from the bank. And when we started the conversation, he was so engaged in the ideas that he jumped in his car and raised to get there so he could meet us in person before we ended the event. And that's, you know, he was so engaged in entrepreneurship and this idea of, we need to build things really rapidly in his country. And we need to do that based on capitalist principles. And he had all these practical ideas for, for how you build a system based on free markets in a very income and resource constraint environment. So it was just, it was like this classic example, right, of people who have lived in places where the system is really not working versus people who live here in the United States, where it's beginning to, you know, we're questioning whether it works, but there's so much about it that's great. And this dichotomy was striking. And it is also said to see how so many people don't realize the power of American dream and how believes that they may have maybe killing it in a way. Yeah, yeah. So do you think that people who are embracing socialism are, are beginning to kill it? Well, I don't want to accuse anyone of anything as humans, we always do what we believe is in our best interest. Even a parent who sacrifices everything for their child is doing it because they believe it isn't their best interest to help their child. But I think that from my perspective of living in many, many countries, not many, but quite a few and working and studying and seeing different types of systems. And I can say that having an opportunity to build your own life that really, yes, it's difficult and there is discrimination. And it's hard and you have to really kill basically all the skills of working, but at least you have a shot. But at least you have a chance and if you are very persistent and diligent, most likely you will be at least relatively successful in breaking out of whatever orbit you are in. And you, for example, arrive to the United States or in another country, similar to the United States. And I think that there's a such a gift for people to leave a system like that. Yeah, and I think our book is really about how do we maintain and restore that system here where it's beginning to falter or where it has been faltering. So yeah, I could agree with you more. I mean, my great-grandfather was an Irish coal miner, right? Yeah, so we've all lived parts of this story. And I think it's important to recognize that as much as we push back against this young woman and others who maybe have a different worldview, different economic view, one, what you said, I think is absolutely right. There's probably quite a few commonalities, right? I mean, we saw this most recently with Mimdani going to visit Trump in the Oval Office and I think everyone expected there to be fireworks and whatever, fisticuffs. And it turns out they agreed on at least the sort of the things that led to this moment, right? So there's actually quite a bit of commonality there. Not surprising. I mean, that double digit percentage of people that voted for Mimdani voted for Trump. They obviously have very different prescriptions for what to do about it, but this idea that people are struggling is something that they at least could share. And I think that, you know, when we talk about this young woman that you met at the World Bank being sincere, I think people are sincerely concerned about sort of the ability to achieve the American dream and the ability to do what we just described, right? And that's just a couple of generations to go from not graduating from high school to, you know, to being at the sort of top of the finance world or, you know, the top of the business and journalism world. Like I think that that is truly under threat and part of what we talk about in the book is not abandoning capitalism to, you know, to address it, but to recognize that the type of capitalism that we've been operating for the last in particular 50 years. And that hasn't really been serving us as an economy. And that really includes everyone in the economy, right? And I think that obviously there's some people that have done quite well, but the argument that we make is that actually really everyone would do better if everyone did better, right? And, you know, some of that's just a stability argument, right? And we're at a moment of time, which is not, doesn't feel particularly stable. And stability and rule of law is pretty important for people that, you know, want to innovate and start companies and, you know, increase their station and life. And, you know, and some of it's just a practical reality of having extracted from the middle class, from labor, if you will, for so long that there's not a whole lot more to extract. And so we need to figure out a way to lift them up. Now our argument is how do we make more capitalist? We want more people want this young woman to have a stake in the market system. And you can sort of understand if people don't have that a stake in that system, they want to try something else. And a radical thing to try sounds like socialism, even if history says it never works. And as you were promoting the book and speaking about the book, what surprised you about how it has been received so far? So I think the biggest surprise for me has been that there's this. So we've been talking to people all over, but a lot of people in the media. And today we just had a podcast interview with a lady who runs an interview podcast for NGOs, for nonprofits and things like and organizations. And it is the sense with which they view the business leaders as the enemy. That's what I would say surprised me. When Beth and I come forward and say, okay, actually our research uncovered a lot of instances of business leaders acting in community oriented ways. You know, generally maybe too much and we can have an argument about where the right accountabilities are in the system. But there are a lot of business leaders who are taking actions that will change the world in ways that probably most people believe in, right? They are changing their investments, for instance, in the case of Larry Fink, to invest more in alternative kinds of energy and away from fossil fuels for an instance. But what you hear, as we've been out talking about the book, is this belief that businesses could ever do something good. And that is just a strange, I feel like it's a strange kind of construct that's taken hold in our very divisive media and political environment. And even if you take a business owner who is not actively involved with community, but is generally just a good person and he has people he hired and provided jobs for years and years. This is also a contribution, as much as the contribution versus if he was just at home watching TV every day because he had money from his family. Right, it's not an easy thing to build a business and employ people. It's an incredibly hard thing. And in fact, I remember when I was just a young journalist, we had this, it was deeply ingrained in us as a local business journalist that jobs were really key. In every story you would report to new businesses opening up and these were the number of jobs. And that kind of conversation has entirely gone away, not entirely probably answered their instances of it, but to a large measure gone away in our conversation. I also think we've entered this world where we don't allow for sort of gray area, right? You're either on the right side of some issue or the wrong side and it's a teeter totter and there's no sort of middle area, right? So you're either like actively working for whatever thing we're talking about or you're definitely against it. And I think that that's wrong and in the example you just described as a good one, which is like, you know, there are plenty of people that are living decent lives. Let's say, let's say raising their children to have, you know, good moral compasses and to be good good people, right? And I think there's lots of room to argue about exactly what that is. And I think it's actually a good thing that there's not one, you know, here's the checklist for being a good person. But there's lots of commonalities, right? I think most people could agree on quite a bit of that. And that's or operating a business and employing people like, hey, that's what I've got capacity to do, right? I think that's really important and I think we sometimes forget like not everyone either should be wants to be can be whatever out in the streets marching for this thing or, you know, like radically changing the system or whatever. Like most people just want to live decent lives decently. And I think we we've kind of forgotten that and there is this sort of polarization black and white thinking and, you know, I think that that's a, I think that's unfortunate. I think it's a mistake. I actually think it's a little bit of a byproduct of neoliberalism. I think it actually exists on both the right and the left for sure. But I think neoliberalism in some respects sort of taught us to like think and speak in this black and white manner. And it's invaded our politics. It's invaded everything. And as you were having this discussion, how much the topical fee I came up of AI a lot, a lot. Yeah, people are very worried about it. I think rightly worried about it because they see a big labor market disruption. And of course, we just saw stats today, right about the number of layoffs being higher this year than than any year since the beginning of the pandemic. And we also know how hard it is for young people, new college graduates to find jobs. So this is very much a reality and people are very worried about it. We don't have prescriptions for it in the book because the AI world is changing so fast. But the prescription we do have for it is the same that we suggest for this moment of turmoil, which is to work with people to form coalitions to recognize that the economy is undergoing a radical transformation. And then the one and we also, so I think what we didn't write about specifically to say this is the answer to AI, but it is a whole chapter in our book is the idea that if productivity is going to rise so much that it replaces the need for labor, which is essentially what could happen with AI. Then what we really need is the system to distribute the earnings of companies in a way that's not taxes because we all kind of recognize that's a drag on the economy. And what we've suggested is the ownership economy different forms of the ownership economy may be a way to cushion the blow, cushion some of the disruption of AI. Let me add a couple things there and this is a is an area where actually Elizabeth and I have a kind of a nice debate between each other and you know I describe myself as a techno optimist. I mean, I'm a technologist, I'm a technology venture capitalist like I recognize I have I have a skewed you and rose colored glasses when it comes to this sort of stuff. And despite that, I recognize that AI is already being disruptive and will continue to be disruptive, but I would say a couple things. I think it is a mistake to attribute all of the job losses that we see today and the economy to AI. I think we're in the middle of a let's call it a recession. We're probably there or close to there that's being driven by a bunch of different things, right, including higher prices and the cost by terrorists, for example, and some other things. I also think AI has become a little bit of a convenient backstory for companies who want to get rid of some some people and so they say well we're going to we're gaining efficiency right, but I think most actually if you really read most of the announcements of at least the larger companies around AI, they're more forward looking saying hey we don't expect to hire as many people because we think we're going to be able to get more productivity out of out of more people. That's more that than it is necessarily firing people now, but that said, established companies in the United States are net job losers. They always have been net job losers. And I think we need to remember that the way you combat job losses in the US is through. I'm going to say startups. I don't mean technology startups. I mean new businesses writ large. They have always been somewhere between 100% and 100 and call it 10% of job creation in the United States businesses in their first and second year of operations. So the solution here is to lean into, I'll say the innovation economy, but I really do mean like all all forms of small business because I think that's that's how we continue to create robust jobs. And then the last thing I'd say is I think we should differentiate between sort of short term disruption, which I think is real insignificant and not dissimilar to what we saw, let's say in the 90s when we started outsourcing manufacturing and a lot of plants closed and we did a horrible job of figuring out how to retrain former factory workers. So like we maybe let's learn from that, but I would differentiate that from what effect does AI have an increased productivity have sort of across the landscape of our economy. And if you go back 100 years or so, 35% or so of the entire workforce made their living on a farm. Right. And now it's like 2%, it's really small. And so we automated farm later labor out of existence, which is true 100% true. And employment is significantly larger and stronger than it was back then. So I want to, I'm trying to say these things to sort of, I don't know, backstop my somewhat optimistic view overall, but I'm also, I'm trying not to sound dismissive about it because if your job went out of existence because of AI or your company said, hey, we're going to release 10% of our workforce because we feel like we're being more more profit. Now part of what they're saying is we don't think we have growth opportunity right now in our economy. And so the real fix for this is actually to grow the overall economy more, but that aside, but I'm not trying to dismiss that as like that's a real thing. But I also want to be able to take a step back and say, hey, from a systems level perspective, like are there examples of this sort of sort of disruption happening and us, you know, sort of growing as an overall economy, absolutely. And have we done things really poorly in some situations, including in the, you know, sort of urban migration that happened in the early 1900s as we left the agrarian economy like absolutely. So we should learn from that from the manufacturing outsourcing that I reference as well. Could you elaborate on your advice for our listeners in terms of them as individuals, being ready for being laid off and how to still be able to be in a position to provide for your family? Boy, that's a, that's a good and interesting and hard question. I actually had included it in the list of questions for our World Bank event yesterday because I think more and more people are going to be called upon to be entrepreneurial with whatever expertise they have. And that's, it's actually a different kind of entrepreneurship than coming up with a startup idea or being an at builder or a tech founder or a young person coming out of school. That's one style of entrepreneurship. There's another style that comes from your skills, right, where you're a hairdresser or you're a, you know, an HVAC. Which are things that, you know, are coming back into, into vote right now for young people. But I think for people are age who are, who have built up an expertise in the information economy and in this sort of like the global cities model that we've been living in for the past couple of decades. It's pretty hard. But so the advice I would offer and I've, and I've done it like I'm a single mom, I've been self employed since I don't know when 20 years or something like that. And I have made it work on my expertise and my skill and talent as a writer. First of all, you have to be really, really scrappy. My friend Elaine Pofelt has a book that's called Street Street Fighting. I think you have to be a street fighter as an entrepreneur. If you're going to be this kind of like solo entrepreneur in the expert space trying to make your way. I think some of the areas that are still where it's so possible to make a living in this much less writing because that has been overtaken by AI. I'm way less editing, which is one space where information professionals used to be able to be solo printers. But now the places are events and teaching and coaching. So they're definitely like the face to face be there with your client build relationships. I actually know a lot of people here in Washington DC who were laid off a lot of people who were in the information economy but working for the government. Who are now becoming elementary, middle and high school teachers. And so those are areas that those kind of face to face interactions where I think people who skills are being replaced by AI. That's the direction to go. And I've watched Elizabeth be incredibly scrappy, resilient, right, open-minded. I mean, I think it takes a certain amount of like being willing to just sort of step back. I think what hasn't worked is, and I think this is a little bit of what we did wrong again in sort of past instances where you just sort of, people have this ghost that they have and you just, you keep going after the same thing. And I think you need to be willing to be a bit more adaptable, right. And so that might mean experimenting on a couple of things again. It's easy to sort of like project this on to Elizabeth because I've been such close friends for over a decade now and I've watched her go through this. Like how do I, how do I adapt to a changing landscape. The last thing I'd say is, I mean, I think everyone should lean into AI, right. I think it's a mistake to sort of treat it as the enemy. And it may be, to some extent, if you've been, you know, let go and you believe the reason is because, you know, your job has been sort of automated away by AI. But I actually think that that's where I can understand the, you know, the sort of reticence to embrace it. But I think that that's a mistake, right. AI is, is we've just scratched the surface, frankly, on what we do with AI. I think most people, frankly, don't use AI as much as they say they use AI, right. It's, you know, it's the same as whatever dieting or running or something like that. Like we never quite, we're not, we say we're doing more than we are. But I think that it's over time will become more and more important. And I think the thing to do is become expert in it. And no different, by the way, than the advice that, you know, when my 21-year-old kids are saying, hey, you know, dad, what do you think we should be doing? You know, around AI and they have different majors, ones as Studio Arts major, ones as Environmental Sciences major. So like, you know, they're out ones out in the field doing stuff, one is doing, you know, doing things very visibly with their hands. But I still say, like, I think you guys need to be experts at AI in whatever way it relates to the work that you're doing. And I think that that's important advice for everyone. And I, one of the things I wish I had more time for was more time to just explore sort of how to use AI in my job. I use it a lot. But I'd love to, I'm always asking people what they're using, what tools they're using, how they're using it more effectively. So not to write for us, right? I don't know. None of this book was written in any way by AI. We might have had a sentence or two where we asked AI to help us with a sentence we couldn't quite get right. I did. I did that. Okay. But none of the book was written by AI. So, you know, we've had this sort of joke about it. But that, but, but using AI for whatever it is, in our case, maybe some research, things like that. There are, there are great use cases across a lot of jobs and become expert. So you can bring to your next opportunity, not just yourself, but here's, here's me and here's like my army of agents that help me do the things that I do. Whatever that job is. And just to build on it quickly, if someone is not sure where to even start, what would you recommend doing in terms of starting to educate themselves? I would start with AI. I would go to the heavy work. So I should clarify, we are speaking in early December 2025 at this moment in time. Gemini is probably the best model. They kind of leap forward each other. So I'd go to Gemini right now. And I would, I actually would start posing these questions to Gemini, right? It's, it is, maybe it's a little recursive to say that, but it actually is, it's a really good way to start learning AI. Go to an AI, you know, tool and say, hey, I need to start learning AI. This is what I do. Start talking me through it and be willing to, you know, I think what people do is they treat AI like a search engine and it's not a search engine, right? So what you, what the best uses of AI, and this is very different than search, is that you need to give it a bunch of context, right? So you need to teach it about yourself a little bit. Maybe upload some projects, spend some time, it's called prompt engineering, but prompting AI with, you know, what you are and what you do and what your background is, and here's my LinkedIn profile, and here's this, and here's that. And then start asking questions, and it'll, and over time it gets to know you more and more. It's a little scary that way, actually. And, but that's the way to get into it, right? Don't just jump in and treat it like you would Google. Like if you're going to just Google search something, go Google search something. If you want to use Gemini, give it some context. I was going to add two thoughts to that. So I was hanging out with some friends, I don't know, a couple of weeks ago, and we played this, this game where we all asked, it was just chat GPT, but we asked, what's the scariest thing in the world? To chat GPT, and it had a different answer for each one of us, because it already knew each of our deepest fears. And it was very interesting to see the differences and the responses. So it was a little creepy that way. Have you done that, Seth, or you done that, Chris? Yeah, I was going to tell the story. I was, I had to get on, on an app I hadn't been on in a while, and it asked me a question, what's my favorite song? And I guess something, and it wasn't the right song, I guess, that I had must have put in, you know, five years ago when I, and so I went to chat GPT as well, because it, more used Gemini more at the moment, but chat GPT probably knows more about me. And I asked it, and it was, and it said, I don't know what your favorite song is, but here's some guesses based on what I go with, which was very funny, right? It was a really amusing, and then the very bottom, and said, if you tell me what it is, I'll remember it. And so I, it kind of popped into my head after these prompts of other songs, I realized which one it might have been. And so it turned out to be that one. So I immediately went over, it was like, hey, this is my favorite song, because then the next time that comes up, I'm going to probably forget it in a year, and then I'll go back to chat GPT. And it'll be like, hey, here's your favorite song. So you have to tell us what is it? Exactly. I'm almost, well, maybe shouldn't be a minute. Dead or alive by Bon Jovi. I actually, my first guest was Paradise City by Guns and Roses, which probably is my favorite song, but in that moment, five years ago, now you have to tell me what yours are. So I have to say you are, you were a boy child in the 80s. That's what I have to say. Clearly, yes, I will be gone. I grew up as a boy in the 80s. I want to wrap up with a few minutes we have left talking about what you learned from CEOs, you spoke to. And I actually was going to focus a lot on it today, but we had so many other important things to discuss. So the first thing I wanted to ask is across all your interviews, what did the best, all of them incredible leaders, but what did they consistently see that you think others miss? Yeah, that's a really good question. Well, they can see the CEOs we interviewed. Now, we did skew probably to the CEOs that have step forward as leaders in societal leaders, right? They're not, they're not trying away from that role. So that's a skewed sample. But I think that what they're embracing that other people may be missing is that businesses do have more responsibility in this moment. And that if you're going to run a successful business, you've got to figure out how to navigate this incredibly difficult political environment. And you, you have to be prepared for when it can hit you, right? When some of those waves of geopolitical turmoil can hit you and not not trying away from that and being aware of the wider context. I'd say that's what they're doing. Yeah, and I would say, I mean, the other common out. And again, we, I mean, we were so lucky to interview people like Jamie Dimon and Dan Schultman, who's now the CEO of Verizon and Lisa Greenhall, who basically invented impact investing and a whole bunch of other really interesting people. So they've all kind of been successful. And maybe that's why this is such an interesting question. But they were very sort of circumspect about their roles and their jobs, right? I was even Jamie who's pretty successful lack of a better way of saying it. There wasn't a lot of ego there, right? I mean, it was a lot of a very sort of thoughtful circumspect. I really rely on, you know, others and, and, and my team. And there was a lot of that that felt that did not feel like lip service. And I, in my day job as a venture capital, I mean, I've met tens of thousands of CEOs. I've worked directly, you know, on whatever I've been on 100 boards, let's say, and I've worked directly with, with several hundred CEOs, like very, very closely. And not all of them are like that, by the way. But, but the successful ones tend to be much more circumspect. And then, and some of the cues that I would give as examples are, you know, people who use we versus I, right? Plural pronouns versus singular pronouns as a, as a really good tip off. People who tell stories about others as opposed to about themselves and or and or where their stories are more about other people being the heroes rather than themselves being the hero. Those are some commonalities that I've noticed both in terms of the people that we interviewed, as well as just sort of successful other successful CEOs. And I think a lot of it also boils down to sort of being able to successfully put yourself in other people's shoes, like I think that it is a mistake. By the way, I think this is true of investors, right? I mean, it's someone once told me, we're really early on. I've been an inventor for a benefit shoppers for 25 years. It's early on in my career, someone said to me, basically paraphrasing, but like, never forget, you're not the market, right? Like you are, you do not, you're not representative of anything. And, and I think that, so I'm giving this the same advice to these sees as I am sort of describing it as success, as coming from successful CEOs. Like, you need to be able to put yourself and other people's shoes as opposed to think that everyone thinks like you do or should think like you do. And those are some common traits that I think we see, we saw in our interviews, but also that I just see across the hundreds and thousands of CEOs that are work with. Do they mention anything about what they think about the AI? Why will everyone has to be talking about how raising AI is, right? I mean, it's a little bit of the emperors new clothes, like, you know, I think there is a wide spectrum around how people are really utilizing AI in their businesses. Most companies now are using AI for co-piloting of some kind, let's say, right? So that's definitely happening. And a lot of AI usage is sort of like, how do we make people slightly more efficient or more effective at their jobs? That's like 95% of the use cases, right? Or, or, and or people aren't using it much at all. And I'm trying to describe it in a way, because I feel like everyone feels like they're behind an AI, because everyone's talking about how amazing AI is. But I don't know that most people are really, really, really using it the way that people think that most people are using it. So you're probably, if you're listening to this and you've done anything with AI, you're probably right in the middle of the path. And it turns out you're, so you're not behind. And then, you know, we do have some edge case companies where people are really leaning into it in new and unique ways, where they really have a group of agents, right? They're using a gentick AI and they, and they're running sort of in the background. So they set them off on a task and then they go do something else. And so they look more like actual workers than they do sort of like a tool set that is enabling workers. And so I just, I want to differentiate those two things. But yeah, everyone in everyone is talking about AI. It's just, and that may be a little bit of the product of my world. I mean, my wife is a developer and also owns a bookstore in one of the, one of the buildings that she redeveloped. I'm sure she uses AI and we haven't had a long deep conversation about it. But like, you know, she's selling books, right? I mean, you know, she's, she's, I don't want to extrapolate too much from the tech world. It's not that I don't think mainstream businesses should be using AI. It's just that, you know, their, their main business is people walk into the bookstore and sell, you know, and they sell books or the broader sense, you know, she redevelopes buildings and she's working with contractors. Like, yeah, AI is helping on the margin, but it's not like a big part of their business. I can, I can just add that in the spring, I wrote, I think about 10 profiles of the disruptors, the, of the disruptor list that CNBC puts out every year. And that, for me, was a reset to be more positive about AI. It wasn't generative AI. Those companies are using AI genuinely like for breakthroughs in medicine, for breakthroughs in like field harvesting. Like, there's, there's this very, really cool combine that rolls over a field and can identify weeds and kill them with a laser, right? So things like that are really, if you think about it, or like where we should be directing more of our conversation to that deep innovative economy. And again, Seth and I are both worried about that in the construct of the larger construct of capitalism, right? Because some of our capital flows to those truly, the big innovation companies is getting broken right now. Because of some of the geopolitical and the political issues in the United States. And if you look at the people you interviewed just as humans, did you notice anything different about the mindset and the way they view the world? Everyone we talked to was an optimist, which I think is interesting. Now again, they've all been successful in one way or the other, not everyone. And by the way, we interviewed people who were workers, we interviewed people that run started and run businesses that no one on this podcast have ever heard of. Like, you know, we want to get a lot of different stories, not all of them ended up showing it, showing up in the book. We interviewed probably a hundred people. I don't know how many show up in the book, but probably half that or fewer. So a lot of these conversations just informed our thinking. But really across the board, people were really optimistic. And that's kind of my general view on humanity. And I think that I think that people are tend to be more optimistic, right? And tend to lean towards positive thinking. And I think that that was definitely from my perspective reflected in the interviews that we that we conducted. You know, I have noticed we interviewed more men than women among the women we interviewed and among the women who are pretty high powered in the circle where I and have it like Dina who is moderating our discussion yesterday. And another friend Sheila that I talked to regularly Lisa who is in the book. Very interesting. I think women leaders at the moment, of course, have less of a roadmap for how to be in the world. And so they really lean into ideas that are slightly on the alternative side, like the number of conversations I've had about manifesting alternative healing, spirituality, right? These are not conversations I tend to have with male CEOs and I talked a lot of them too. But in the women's business leadership community, there's a strong kind of emerging idea that that is a way to succeed. And then I think that we are going to have more of a more deeply into that element of life into your own humanity is what you're saying. Into your own humanity and into your connections with common humanity, the idea that we're all kind of swimming in the the big sea, right? I mean, there are a lot of people who have argued this right that when in there's evidence for it when communities, nations, large bodies of people are coming into trouble or in a disrupted state women have a better women are more connected to that right and more focused on how you restore the balance, how you bring things back into balance. I hear a lot of that from women business leaders. Thank you so much for sharing this yesterday. I got the YouTube had the summary of things I watched over the year and they said, you're a person who will find calm in every situation and will share to people. That is so, that is so, Chris, you sound you are a person who brings calm. I can tell from our two interviews, I really feel that. And share us because of the work that you do. Yeah, YouTube knows you well. Thank you so much guys for being here. I really appreciate it. Still using guys and now it's no longer a problem to say, but we are all from the time when it was completely normal. I feel very good when people say that. So, no disrespect here. So where can our business renovate you by your book, anything you want to share? We have a website which is www.capitalevolution.com. And both Seth and I have our own individual websites as well. But the most important thing you can do right now is to buy the book and connect with us by reading the book and by sharing what you think of it on Amazon or in social media. Yeah, the books available everywhere at this point. So you can buy it from your local bookstore, you can buy it from Amazon, you can buy it from books of million, Barnes and Noble, wherever you get your books. We love it if you leave a review and reach out to us and let us know what you think where we wrote it. We wrote it and tried to put a bunch of ideas into the public sphere in part to maybe change a few minds, but also to get a bunch of feedback. So we really, you know, it's a big undertaking to do a project like this and we'd love to hear from listeners who turn into readers who have thoughts about what we write. Thank you again so much for being here. I really enjoyed our discussion today and it's just a bottomless well of things we could discuss that we would just pull in a lot of podcast episodes. So for everyone listening to the name of the book is capital evolution and our guest today have been a finitry might be Elizabeth one pride who is a journalist, author and consultant in finance, women's rights and technology and certainly being who is a partner at Foundry, a venture capital firm based in Boulder, Colorado, which you founded in 2006 and our podcast sponsor today is strategy training.com and you can get some gifts from us. You can access episode one of how to build a consulting practice and it's actually a very, very powerful program and we wanted to share episode one with everyone because it can really help you start a business if you want to start one or to manage a consulting practice. If you're managing one which is common for our listeners, we have many people who are partners at consulting firms, major consulting firms and you can get it at firmsconsulting.com forward slash build. You can also get the overall approach used in well managed strategy studies at termsconsulting.com forward slash overall approach and you can get McKinsey and Vcg Men in Resume which is a resume that led to offers from both of those firms at firmsconsulting.com forward slash resume PDF. Thank you so much for tuning in and then looking forward to connecting with you on next time.